1. An application consists of multiple EC2 instances in private subnets in different availability zones. The application uses a single NAT Gateway for downloading software patches from the Internet to the instances. There is a requirement to protect the application from a single point of failure when the NAT Gateway encounters a failure or if its availability zone goes down. How should the Solutions Architect redesign the architecture to be more highly available and cost-effective?
2. A software development company is using serverless computing with AWS Lambda to build and run applications without having to set up or manage servers. They have a Lambda function that connects to a MongoDB Atlas, which is a popular Database as a Service (DBaaS) platform and also uses a third party API to fetch certain data for their application. One of the developers was instructed to create the environment variables for the MongoDB database hostname, username, and password as well as the API credentials that will be used by the Lambda function for DEV, SIT, UAT, and PROD environments. Considering that the Lambda function is storing sensitive database and API credentials, how can this information be secured to prevent other developers in the team, or anyone, from seeing these credentials in plain text? Select the best option that provides maximum security.
3. [[Cloudwatch metrics | The company that you are working for has a highly available architecture consisting of an elastic load balancer and several EC2 instances configured with auto-scaling in three Availability Zones. You want to monitor your EC2 instances based on a particular metric, which is not readily available in CloudWatch. Which of the following is a custom metric in CloudWatch which you have to manually set up?]]
4. A company uses an Application Load Balancer (ALB) for its public-facing multi-tier web applications. The security team has recently reported that there has been a surge of SQL injection attacks lately, which causes critical data discrepancy issues. The same issue is also encountered by its other web applications in other AWS accounts that are behind an ALB. An immediate solution is required to prevent the remote injection of unauthorized SQL queries and protect their applications hosted across multiple accounts. As a Solutions Architect, what solution would you recommend?
5. A Solutions Architect is working for a company which has multiple VPCs in various AWS regions. The Architect is assigned to set up a logging system which will track all of the changes made to their AWS resources in all regions, including the configurations made in IAM, CloudFront, AWS WAF, and Route 53. In order to pass the compliance requirements, the solution must ensure the security, integrity, and durability of the log data. It should also provide an event history of all API calls made in AWS Management Console and AWS CLI. Which of the following solutions is the best fit for this scenario?
6. An online cryptocurrency exchange platform is hosted in AWS which uses ECS Cluster and RDS in Multi-AZ Deployments configuration. The application is heavily using the RDS instance to process complex read and write database operations. To maintain the reliability, availability, and performance of your systems, you have to closely monitor how the different processes or threads on a DB instance use the CPU, including the percentage of the CPU bandwidth and total memory consumed by each process. Which of the following is the most suitable solution to properly monitor your database?
